JTR's new TODO list:

  More complete test coverage to finish the Swig 1.3 transition.

  Avoid all that global configuration state.  Stomp out gale_env.

  Make complete Python replacements for all tools in the standard gale
  distribution:
    
    gsub.py and gsend.py already exist but need some polishing.

    Add a gkinfo.py -- probably everything's already there, as of 12
    July 2006.

    Add key generation and signing -- and then add gkgen.py and
    gksign.py.  (Yammer could use these.)

    Server stuff: gdomain.py and galed.py.  (Yammer could also use
    these.)

  Integrate with setuptools to simplify use by other applications.

  Marmaduke support.


Tessa's old TODO list:

  Check to make sure that signature verification really is secure
          the framework is there; I need to check that the code is correct
          (and hook in AKD, when that is working)

  Reorganize pygale to have a non-blocking interface
          use an external select loop
          have a run() method that returns a list of sockets to watch
          register callbacks on events, such as receiving a puff
          the run() method will invoke callbacks as necessary, but never block
          the external select loop will notice activity on any of the watched
                  sockets, and call run() when there is activity

  Automatic Key Distribution
          if a cached key doesn't verify a signature, maybe there's a new public
                  key---try fetching it
          don't request a new key too often (don't overload key servers)

  Reorganize authcache interface
          it's all wrappers to functions in the KeyCache---good? bad?
          authcache module was intended to be just memory cache for key data
          now it has code for importing them, too---good? bad?

  Reorganize PyGale API?
          misc functions now in pygale.py -> utils.py?
          notification stuff -> notify.py?
          lots of the Puff methods should go into separate data-handling modules

  Key expiration
          implement GaleTime class
          check for expired keys, and reject them

  Key generation
          figure out how to generate new keys, sign them, etc.

